2018-Slides.md, before:

# 360|iDev 2018 Slides & Code

A collection of links to slide decks and source code from talks at [360|iDev](http://360idev.com) 2018

-----

# Photos

> Links to photo collections

- [360iDev2018 on Google Photos](https://photos.app.goo.gl/3pfZQcxKvxNZENKW9)

-----

# Videos

- Session Videos: http://360idev.com/session-videos/

-----

# Workshops

_Workshops are listed alphabeticaly by session name_

## [Cloud Firestore](https://360idev.com/sessions/cloud-firestore-workshop/)

[Todd Kerpelman](https://360idev.com/speakers/todd-kerpelman/)
and
[Morgan Chen](https://github.com/morganchen12)

- slides: https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/firebase-cloud-firestore-workshop-swift/#0
- code: https://github.com/firebase/firestore-codelab-extended-swift
- [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
- [google-cloud-firestore-discuss forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/google-cloud-firestore-discuss)
- [Cloud Firestore API](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/)

## Custom View and Animations Workshop

[Sam Davies](https://360idev.com/speakers/sam-davies/)
[@iwantmyrealname](http://twitter.com/iwantmyrealname)

- slides: https://github.com/sammyd/360iDev2018_ViewAndAnimations/blob/starter/slides.md
- code: https://github.com/sammyd/360iDev2018_ViewAndAnimations (`starter` branch)
   - based on: [Reproducing Popular iOS Controls](https://www.raywenderlich.com/5298-reproducing-popular-ios-controls)

## [Low-Level ARKit: Rendering with Metal 2](https://360idev.com/sessions/low-level-arkit-rendering-with-metal-2/)

[Warren Moore](https://360idev.com/speakers/warren-moore/)
[@warrenm](http://twitter.com/warrenm)

- code: https://github.com/warrenm/ARKitOnMetal

-----

# Sessions

_Sessions are listed alphabeticaly by session name_

## [The Complicated Life of a Background iOS App](https://360idev.com/sessions/the-complicated-life-of-a-backgrounded-ios-app/)

[Agnes Vasarhelyi](https://360idev.com/speakers/agnes-vasarhelyi/)
[‪@vasarhelyia‬](https://twitter.com/‪vasarhelyia‬)

- slides: https://360idev-2018.slack.com/files/UCFKBQBQD/FCHE6D1HC/ios_background_transfer.pdf

## [Enumerating the Reasons](https://360idev.com/sessions/enumerating-the-reasons/)

[Conrad Stoll](https://360idev.com/speakers/conrad-stoll/)
[@conradstoll](https://twitter.com/conradstoll)

- slides: https://360idev-2018.slack.com/files/UB609Q881/FCG2P6RJ6/enumeratingenums.pdf.pdf

Commit message:

Add xcode and friends workshop

2018-Slides.md, after:

# 360|iDev 2018 Slides & Code

A collection of links to slide decks and source code from talks at [360|iDev](http://360idev.com) 2018

-----

# Photos

> Links to photo collections

- [360iDev2018 on Google Photos](https://photos.app.goo.gl/3pfZQcxKvxNZENKW9)

-----

# Videos

- Session Videos: http://360idev.com/session-videos/

-----

# Workshops

_Workshops are listed alphabeticaly by session name_

## [Cloud Firestore](https://360idev.com/sessions/cloud-firestore-workshop/)

[Todd Kerpelman](https://360idev.com/speakers/todd-kerpelman/)
and
[Morgan Chen](https://github.com/morganchen12)

- slides: https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/firebase-cloud-firestore-workshop-swift/#0
- code: https://github.com/firebase/firestore-codelab-extended-swift
- [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
- [google-cloud-firestore-discuss forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/google-cloud-firestore-discuss)
- [Cloud Firestore API](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/)

## Custom View and Animations Workshop

[Sam Davies](https://360idev.com/speakers/sam-davies/)
[@iwantmyrealname](http://twitter.com/iwantmyrealname)

- slides: https://github.com/sammyd/360iDev2018_ViewAndAnimations/blob/starter/slides.md
- code: https://github.com/sammyd/360iDev2018_ViewAndAnimations (`starter` branch)
   - based on: [Reproducing Popular iOS Controls](https://www.raywenderlich.com/5298-reproducing-popular-ios-controls)

## [Low-Level ARKit: Rendering with Metal 2](https://360idev.com/sessions/low-level-arkit-rendering-with-metal-2/)

[Warren Moore](https://360idev.com/speakers/warren-moore/)
[@warrenm](http://twitter.com/warrenm)

- code: https://github.com/warrenm/ARKitOnMetal

## [Xcode and Friends: Debugging and More](https://360idev.com/sessions/xcode-and-friends-debugging-and-more/)

[Kendall Gelner](https://360idev.com/speakers/kendall-gelner/)
[@‪kendalldevdiary‬](https://twitter.com/kendalldevdiary‬)

- slides & code: https://tinyurl.com/360iDev2018-Xcode

-----

# Sessions

_Sessions are listed alphabeticaly by session name_

## [The Complicated Life of a Background iOS App](https://360idev.com/sessions/the-complicated-life-of-a-backgrounded-ios-app/)

[Agnes Vasarhelyi](https://360idev.com/speakers/agnes-vasarhelyi/)
[‪@vasarhelyia‬](https://twitter.com/‪vasarhelyia‬)

- slides: https://360idev-2018.slack.com/files/UCFKBQBQD/FCHE6D1HC/ios_background_transfer.pdf

## [Enumerating the Reasons](https://360idev.com/sessions/enumerating-the-reasons/)

[Conrad Stoll](https://360idev.com/speakers/conrad-stoll/)
[@conradstoll](https://twitter.com/conradstoll)

- slides: https://360idev-2018.slack.com/files/UB609Q881/FCG2P6RJ6/enumeratingenums.pdf.pdf
